README.md, before:

# react-native-modalbox

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-modalbox.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-modalbox.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()   

A react native <Modal> component, easy, fully customizable, implementing the 'swipe down to close' feature.

## Preview
![](https://i.imgur.com/QTAYh81.gif)
![](http://i.imgur.com/3XULLt8.gif)

## Install

`npm install react-native-modalbox@latest --save`

## Example
Check [index.js](https://github.com/maxs15/react-native-modalbox/blob/master/Example/index.ios.js) in the Example folder.

## Properties

| Prop  | Default  | Type | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:| :-----|
| isOpen | false | `bool` | Open/close the modal, optional, you can use the open/close methods instead  |
| isDisabled | false | `bool` | Disable any action on the modal (open, close, swipe)  |
| backdropPressToClose | true | `bool` | Close the the modal by pressing on the backdrop |
| swipeToClose | true | `bool` | Set to `true` to enable the swipe down to close feature |
| swipeThreshold | 50 | `number` | The threshold to reach in pixels to close the modal |
| swipeArea | - | `number` | The height in pixels of the swipeable area, window height by default |
| position | center | `string` | Control the modal position using `top` or `center` or `bottom`
| entry | bottom | `string` | Control the modal entry position `top` or `bottom`
| backdrop | true | `bool` | Display a backdrop behind the modal
| backdropOpacity | 0.5| `number` | Opacity of the backdrop
| backdropColor | black| `string` | backgroundColor of the backdrop
| backdropContent | null| `ReactElement` | Add an element in the backdrop (a close button for example)
| animationDuration | 400| `number` | Duration of the animation
| easing | Easing.elastic(0.8) | `function` | Easing function applied to opening modal animation
| backButtonClose | false | `bool` | (Android only) Close modal when receiving back button event
| startOpen | false | `bool` | Allow modal to appear open without animation upon first mount
| coverScreen | false | `bool` | Will use RN `Modal` component to cover the entire screen wherever the modal is mounted in the component hierarchy
| keyboardTopOffset | ios:22, android:0 | `number` | This property prevent the modal to cover the ios status bar when the modal is scrolling up because the keyboard is opening

## Events

| Prop  | Params  | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:|
| onClosed | - | When the modal is close and the animation is done |
| onOpened | - | When the modal is open and the animation is done |
| onClosingState | state `bool` | When the state of the swipe to close feature has changed (usefull to change the content of the modal, display a message for example) |

## Methods
These methods are optional, you can use the isOpen property instead   

| Prop  | Params  | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:|
| open | - | Open the modal |
| close | - | Close the modal |

Commit message:

Add move over keyboard property

README.md, after:

# react-native-modalbox

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-modalbox.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-modalbox.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()   

A react native <Modal> component, easy, fully customizable, implementing the 'swipe down to close' feature.

## Preview
![](https://i.imgur.com/QTAYh81.gif)
![](http://i.imgur.com/3XULLt8.gif)

## Install

`npm install react-native-modalbox@latest --save`

## Example
Check [index.js](https://github.com/maxs15/react-native-modalbox/blob/master/Example/index.ios.js) in the Example folder.

## Properties

| Prop  | Default  | Type | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:| :-----|
| isOpen | false | `bool` | Open/close the modal, optional, you can use the open/close methods instead  |
| isDisabled | false | `bool` | Disable any action on the modal (open, close, swipe)  |
| backdropPressToClose | true | `bool` | Close the the modal by pressing on the backdrop |
| swipeToClose | true | `bool` | Set to `true` to enable the swipe down to close feature |
| swipeThreshold | 50 | `number` | The threshold to reach in pixels to close the modal |
| swipeArea | - | `number` | The height in pixels of the swipeable area, window height by default |
| position | center | `string` | Control the modal position using `top` or `center` or `bottom`
| entry | bottom | `string` | Control the modal entry position `top` or `bottom`
| backdrop | true | `bool` | Display a backdrop behind the modal
| backdropOpacity | 0.5| `number` | Opacity of the backdrop
| backdropColor | black| `string` | backgroundColor of the backdrop
| backdropContent | null| `ReactElement` | Add an element in the backdrop (a close button for example)
| animationDuration | 400| `number` | Duration of the animation
| easing | Easing.elastic(0.8) | `function` | Easing function applied to opening modal animation
| backButtonClose | false | `bool` | (Android only) Close modal when receiving back button event
| startOpen | false | `bool` | Allow modal to appear open without animation upon first mount
| coverScreen | false | `bool` | Will use RN `Modal` component to cover the entire screen wherever the modal is mounted in the component hierarchy
| keyboardTopOffset | ios:22, android:0 | `number` | This property prevent the modal to cover the ios status bar when the modal is scrolling up because the keyboard is opening
| moveAboveKeyboard | true | `bool` | Enable modal scrolling up over the keyboard when the keyboard is opening

## Events

| Prop  | Params  | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:|
| onClosed | - | When the modal is close and the animation is done |
| onOpened | - | When the modal is open and the animation is done |
| onClosingState | state `bool` | When the state of the swipe to close feature has changed (usefull to change the content of the modal, display a message for example) |

## Methods
These methods are optional, you can use the isOpen property instead   

| Prop  | Params  | Description |
| :------------ |:---------------:| :---------------:|
| open | - | Open the modal |
| close | - | Close the modal |
